Allow importing of multiple symbols in a single import statement (#809)
Zokrates/ZoKrates: zokrates_book/src/language/imports.md

// `MySymbol` is now in scope.
```

> To import multiple modules with a single import statement, separate the module names with commas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import multiple symbols with a single import statement, separate the symbol names with commas:
```

Author: Oh, how did I not notice this :facepalm: Nice catch!
